Restrict "burn" to describing operations that destroy assets (#655)
Agoric/documentation: main/ertp/guide/issuers-and-mints.md

- **Create issuer operation**
  - [`makeIssuerKit(allegedName, assetKind, displayInfo=)`](/ertp/api/issuer.md#makeissuerkit-allegedname-assetkind-displayinfo)
    - Create and return a new `issuer` and its associated `mint` and `brand`.
    - <<< @/snippets/ertp/guide/test-issuers-and-mints.js#import
      <<< @/snippets/ertp/guide/test-issuers-and-mints.js#makeIssuerKit
- **Get information about the issuer operations**
  - [`issuer.getAllegedName()`](/ertp/api/issuer.md#issuer-getallegedname)
    - Return the `allegedName` for the `issuer` (the non-trusted human-readable name of its associated `brand`).
    - <<< @/snippets/ertp/guide/test-issuers-and-mints.js#getAllegedName
  - [`issuer.getAssetKind()`](/ertp/api/issuer.md#issuer-getassetkind)

>     - Return the kind of the `issuer`'s asset; either `AssetKind.NAT` ("nat") or `AssetKind.SET` ("set").

Reviewer: Here too ;)

    - <<< @/snippets/ertp/guide/test-issuers-and-mints.js#getAssetKind
  - [`issuer.getBrand()`](/ertp/api/issuer.md#issuer-getbrand)
    - Return the `brand` for the `issuer`.
    - <<< @/snippets/ertp/guide/test-issuers-and-mints.js#getBrand
- **Purse operation**
  - [`issuer.makeEmptyPurse()`](/ertp/api/issuer.md#issuer-makeemptypurse)

>     - Make and return an empty `purse` that holds assets of the `brand` associated with the `issuer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Make and return an empty `purse` for holding assets of the `brand` associated with the `issuer`.
```
Since it is empty, I think this is slightly better.

the `mint`, `brand` or `purse` are associated with it, then they're invalid. These methods help you find 

> the right `issuer`, but aren't authoritative.

Reviewer: Feel free to rewrite this paragraph!
